Fixes for small issues found at the hackathon (#433)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/con_about-machine-configs.adoc

Refer to the https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/post_installation_configuration/machine-configuration-tasks.html[OpenShift documentation for additional information on `MachineConfig` and `MachineConfigPools`]

[WARNING]

> Applying a `MachineConfig` to an OpenShift node will make the node reboot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applying a `MachineConfig` to an {OpenShift} node makes the node reboot.
```
